## How efficient is the creation Trie vs your chosen data structures?

Creation of Trie in terms of programming is very simple when compared to Hash Tables, and Doubly Linked Lists. Trie did require a degree of understanding but in terms of 
implementation, it was straightforward.  As input size for Trie and Doubly Linked List does not have to be specified before structure is created, they underperform in contrast to a Hash Table.
Hash Table leads with O(1) time complexity compared to O(n) for Tire and Doubly Linked List.

## How good will that data structure be at the main look up tasks of a Trie(search and begins_with)?

In terms of tasks as search and begins_with Trie data structure can perform at O(n) time complexity when compared to O(1) of Doubly Linked List and O(1) of a 
Hash Table. Therefore, being slightly slower than an average search of a Hash Table and Doubly Linked List. But in terms of handiness, I would argue that Trie is better for
begins_with functionality as it can save memory as some keys my share common prefixes as we have seen in this assignment. The structure that a Trie is composed of is
basically ideal for prefix functionality.

## How can each of the chosen data structures support the two look up tasks (can you use the exist functionality or do you need to do something extra to what is typically returned?)

I would say that none of the structures require something extra to what is typically returned, all of them were made to perform searching, insertion, and deletion for
different types of scenarios that programmers might come across. For simple insertion and lookup tasks a has table is likely the best option as keys do not have any special structure,
while Doubly Linked Lists can be easy to access but are composed of individual nodes making them less effective for prefix search. Tries have broken down prefixes of keys,
making it easy to find entities without wasting time for unnecessary iteration.

